Ask her to bring these things with her from the store.  
Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a snack for her brother Bob.  
We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids.
People look, but no one ever finds it. 
She can scoop these things into three red bags, and we will go meet her Wednesday at the train station. 
When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow. 
The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. 
There is , according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. 
When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. 
Throughout the centuries people have explained the rainbow in various ways. 
Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. 
To the Hebrews it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. 
The Greeks used to imagine that it was a sign from the gods to foretell war or heavy rain. 
The Norsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods passed from earth to their home in the sky. 
Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. 
Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. 
Since then physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the raindrops which causes the rainbows. 
Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. 
If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow band, since red and green light when mixed form yellow. 
This is a very common type of bow, one showing mainly red and yellow, with little or no green or blue.
Over time, with patience and precision, the terrorists will be pursued.
You should consider whether you want to be in this film.
The talks were announced yesterday by Brian Wilson, the foreign office minister.
The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops, and the width of the colored band increases as the size of the drops increases. 
Both men were on one-year contracts. 
Halifax has also been mentioned as a likely predator.
It will also require a lengthy series of clinical trials. Although the drug is essential to the survival of my patients, I feel we must wait for the outcomes of all of the stage B trials before I can recommend them join the study. Truthfully, I hope I have made the right decision.
Charles Gordon, leader of Glasgow City Council declined to comment.
It could be argued that the council was pushed to the brink.
I had a train to catch. The afternoon was hot and sunny but I noticed an old woman wearing a jacket. She did not show the slightest sign of perspiration and was calmly holding an umbrella in one hand and a small bag in the other.
On Friday, the headteacher and deputy headteacher appeared at the door.
No details of the talks were given.
A small number of new jobs will also be created.
It is believed the size of the settlement has not been finalised.
We lost our composure towards the interval, he said.
Clearly, the need for a personal loan is written in the stars.
It will include the Black Watch, the Royal Highland regiment.
The tickets will be on sale today at the ticket office.
Finally, he paid for the movie.
It was almost too much.
Hopefully, it will come from someone on our side.
I can confirm that Miss Deacon has received a threatening phone call.
He repeated his call for an inquiry into the police response.
He is on the wrong side.
The event was held in the council's headquarters in Hamilton.
However, he emphasised the bank was satisfied with progress.
We have to go for a win.
Something has got to change.
