Ask her to bring these things with her from the store.  
Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a yummy snack for her brother Bob.  
We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids.
People look, but no one ever finds it. 
She can scoop these things into three red bags, and we will go meet her Wednesday at the train station. 
When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow. 
The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. 
There is , according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. 
When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. 
Throughout the centuries people have explained the rainbow in various ways. 
Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. 
To the Hebrews it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. 
The Greeks used to imagine that it was a sign from the gods to foretell war or heavy rain. 
The Norsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the victorious gods passed from earth to their home in the sky. 
Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically.  
Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. 
Since then physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the raindrops which causes the rainbows. 
Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. However most people believe myth and superstition. 
If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow band, since red and green light when mixed form yellow. 
This is a very common type of bow, one showing mainly red and yellow, with little or no green or blue.
In many movies, over time, the terrorists will be pursued with patience and precision.
You should consider whether you want to be in this film. There are still many roles available for the picking.
The talks were announced yesterday by Mr Wilson, the foreign office minister.
The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops, and the width of the colored band increases as the size of the drops increases. 
Both men were on one-year contracts. However I believe Jerry will exit the company soon.
The mountain lion has also been mentioned as a likely predator in this area. There has been news that some pets were killed.
It will also require a lengthy series of clinical trials. Although the drug is essential to the survival of my patients, I feel we must wait for the outcomes of all of the stage B trials before I can recommend them join the study. Truthfully, I hope I have made the right decision.
Although given the opportunity, Jim the leader of the city council declined to comment on some very important issues.
It could be argued that the council was pushed to the brink. They had been warned that they had no other choice but to accept one of two proposals.
I had a train to catch. The afternoon was hot and sunny but I noticed an old woman wearing a jacket. She did not show the slightest sign of perspiration and was pouring tea from a kettle into her cup.
On Friday, the headteacher and deputy headteacher appeared at the door. The children were still outside playing and their sudden appearance startled me.
No details of the talks were given and we can expect they will be postponed until further notice.
How many new jobs will be created by Artificial Intelligence? Only time will tell.
It is believed the size of the settlement has not been finalised. Although I believe it will be quite substantial given the damages suffered by the victim.
We lost our composure towards the interval. It had been a very difficult day and the demands were excessive.
Clearly, the need for a personal loan is written in the stars.
It will include the air force, navy marines, and all other regiments. Although the cost is high, the president insisted on the importance of the parade.
The tickets will be on sale today at the ticket office. You better arrive early or it will be all sold out.
Finally, he paid for the movie. The reviews were terrible and the seats were very uncomfortable, but he had no choice.
It was almost too much to have to sit throughout the entire film, and the plot was exceedingly boring.
Hopefully, it will come from someone on our side but I have no expectations we will find it useful.
I can confirm that our neighbor has received a threatening phone call. Quite an unexpected development. 
He repeated his call for an inquiry into the police response. He was quite vocal and spoke his opinion loudly.
He is on the wrong side of almost all issues. Prehaps he should be checking what they are saying in the press.
The event was held in the council's headquarters downtown. The amazing building had been built nearly fifty years ago.
Yes, he emphasised the bank was satisfied with our progress settling all of the companies debts.
We have to go for a win and not play nice. Risking everything just feels like the right thing to do.
Something has got to change. He repeated this over and over again, but we felt it was only to convince himself.
She wanted to go to the zoo to see the animals, especially the zebra.
He was not too familiar with the tools, how to use them properly, and for what purpose.
